pow pow pow pow pow look ugly in their
own special way I think pain would be
the perfect name I'm looking for a teddy
bear I can almost count that high hold
on let me check my portfolio wait wait
how about the two
for can we please go in the Tesla store
there's so many cars in there okay I
know I'm going to take that are you sure
are you sure you want to go into the
Tesla wait wait wait wait wait wait wait
wait wait wait wait hi Nur do you know
how much an average Tesla is I not sure
how expensive can it be I don't know
it's probably not that much right would
you want a Tesla for Christmas what's a
Tesla aren't those cars really fast it's
like um yeah like a super cool fast car
like I think we could get a red one I
bet I could drive a Tesla really
well yeah you could drive a Tesla super
well here I'll show you how they look
like from the outside there's a red one
right here
and then there's like a cool Tesla cyber
truck over there that you can drive too
I think I look better in the Cyber truck
over there are you sure you want a cyber
truck I I'm not I I don't know like I'm
looking at it again and it's kind of
silly looking it has a lot of angles
maybe we should just settle for like
this this smaller red Tesla that one's
kind of
cool we have to get the cyber truck it's
so much better I mean just look look at
those angles no no no we don't want the
Cyber truck Nero we don't want the Cyber
truck that is not something we want oh
come on please I bet I'd feel so safe in
it are you sure you want the Cyber truck
no no no I I don't think so maybe we
should look around at other shops there
might be something even better there's a
jewelry shop right there that we
shouldn't walk into because it's very
expensive I feel like if I was wearing
Tiffany necklaces I would look really
cute no no we don't don't want a Tiffany
necklace we don't want one you don't
want to go to Tiffany's sorry I can't
hear you over the sound of me heading to
tiffy's no we're not heading to
Tiffany's no no no no no this is all
wrong this is all wrong but it all looks
so nice it it does look really nice but
I think we should we should keep walking
we should just keep walking let's go
somewhere else you know like Tiffany's
Tesla they're all so fancy let's start
to be honest to even if we go somewhere
else first I'm always going to be
thinking about Tiffany's well if you
really want if you really want something
from Tiffany's I guess we can go at the
end of the day you know I feel like it
would be a really good end to the day
and yeah that would just be perfect I'll
hold you to that I've always wanted to
test out how waterproof an iPhone really
is oh okay yeah we can definitely go
inside and look at some of the iPhones
if you want maybe holding one under the
T and making a Tik Tok of it would be
pretty funny yeah that would be really
funny let's go inside our first store of
the day finally I've always wanted to
meet the guy in charge of making those
iPhones what's his name I know I I don't
remember maybe Steven
Jeffrey who's to say really okay let's
see so we're currently at kind of like
oh my gosh look at these cute monitors
look how adorable they are maybe we
should get one there's like a pink one
and a yellow one and a purple one oh my
gosh what's your favorite color maybe I
like red and blue okay red and blue we
can definitely look for maybe like a red
and blue phone but look at how cool
these phones are there's like an iPhone
15 an iPhone 14 even a tiny one here
there's so many look how cute oh this
one's just white oh this one's purple
how do you feel about red and blue I
think red and blue is really cool but
unfortunately there's no red and blue
iPhone so maybe we have to go somewhere
else a that's so sad that's like my two
favorite colors and there's none of them
here I know where should we go next
there's a lot of stuff here so maybe
we'll walk in this direction and let's
see what there is do you have something
that you're looking for in particular oh
there is something I'm looking for a
teddy bear ooh what is it do you think
I've made that obvious this stream teddy
bear would be so cute yeah yeah we can
definitely get a teddy bear what color
teddy bear would you want
would you want like a like a big teddy
bear a small teddy bear what kind of
bear are you thinking
of you know I get it it's pretty
difficult sometimes trying to decide
what kind of bear you want there's so
many options there's like a big bear a
small Bear Freddy Fazbear a pink bear a
red bear I want to buying purp just
thinking about it makes me speechless
you want a what you want a purple Bear
yes please um um we can try to find a
purple Bear yeah let's let's go find one
let's go let's go it seems like
there's some stores upstairs do you want
to go upstairs yeah let's go upstairs
wait I'm scared of heights what's
up oh well it's okay close your eyes
close your eyes don't look don't look
okay I'll close my
eyes are we there yet I genuinely just
shut my eyes I can't see anything can
you carry me up please
we made it we made it I've carried you
up we made it we got out alive
everything's fine and we're all saved
thanks so much for carrying me Toma when
you think of gifts do you like like toys
do you like clothes do you like food
what kind of gifts do you like I like
food and toys oo okay maybe we can go
into the LEGO store then what the LEGO
store has lots of toys oh I love Lego
let's go all right oh my gosh there's so
many Legos in here n look how cute
there's um little Duplo and these are
bigger pieces wait is that
a ginin Lego set which one looks like
the genin Lego set to you is it on Row
one row two or Row three I think I see
it on Row three you see the gench and
Lego set on road three okay there's this
one right here oh my gosh this is like
my favorite character uh K Ching from
genin Impact and Jong Le and this is Cle
from genjin Impact 2 W which one of
these would you want I like Peppa Pig
okay so now you can see Peppa Pig Let's
Get Peppa Pig how
exciting do you like this one I love
this one I would do anything for Peppa
Pig I want to be Peppa Pig I want to
become Peppa Pig oh my God that's
perfect I actually love Peppa Pig too I
used to like George pig the the blue one
right here I like how he likes dinosaurs
lot of s want more Peppa Pigs there's
there's one here too and then there's a
smaller one with a treehouse if I get
both of them can we recreate the entire
lore of Peppa Pig yeah let's get let's
get all of them let's go let's get this
big one right here it's got 70 pieces
that's a lot of pieces I can almost
count that high let's get it yeah let's
get four different ones we'll get one of
this and let's keep looking where else
should we look all right let's keep
looking around let's see let's see
there's more here there's like um oh
there's a big truck right here but it's
kind of expensive so I don't know if we
should get it if money's not an issue we
could just get everything are you sure
you want to get everything wait hold on
let me check my portfolio Okay yeah look
at your portfolio see how your stocks
are
doing how's it looking is it looking
good is it looking good good stocks bad
stocks what is the vibe do we have money
to spare uh my portfolio has been better
we've taken some losses in Tesla
recently maybe we should try and be a
little more economical with our
purchases maybe we could get some trains
for a couple of chatters too if they're
nice yeah maybe if they're nice you can
send them over there's there's a green
train right here and there's also let's
see there's a red street car that's
pretty cool what do you think yeah a red
street car would be pretty nice then
let's get it you want the red street car
are you sure okay let's get it yep Oh
you can put us on the street cars and we
can play around with the the little
train tracks that sounds like so much
fun so cool let's see there's like this
one right here it's a police car and
muscle car so we can chase after each
other what do you think hell yeah let's
get it you should get them both so we
can chase each other
hurry yeah we're going to get them it's
a good thing they come in a okay okay
they come in a set so I'm going to hurry
and get them thank you um Tom can you
please hurry up I'm I'm hurrying I'm
hurrying I'm hurrying I'm going so fast
do you want anything else there's like a
Formula One car a 2023 McLaren a 2023
McLaren we definitely need that mhm yep
yep okay or do you want that or do you
want the Ferrari the Ferrari is red oh
the Ferrari is red we should get the
Ferrari so that it matches the street
cars yeah it would be so cute to have it
match the Ferrari it's so
cute it'll look really cool thank you
wow do you see what I see what do you
see it's a wild safari and animals Lego
set oh my God I need that right now I
mean I don't think we can leave the
store without it are you sure yeah okay
this one right
there wo it comes with three different
animals That's So Co that's so cool if I
wasn't an a bu that over all the other
sets we've seen so far oh my God can we
please please please please please get
it e yes yes yes yes okay yay yes yes
yes yes yes do we want anything else or
do we think that's enough there's like
some Super Mario Lego sets too if you
want any of them or maybe like a
Minecraft set there's like some cute
Minecraft ones I think can we get a
Mario one to you want a Mario one too um
okay let's which options they have let's
see they have um they have one Mario
right here and they also have the Bowser
Express train so it's a
train I really like the look of Peach's
castle do you think I could put it on my
wish list I feel like I would do a lot
of questionable things to get Peach's
castle well what questionable things
would you do to get Peach's castle Yeah
I want Peach's castle okay we're going
to get Peach's castle my wish list is
complete um do you want
any okay your wish list is complete that
sounds pretty good to me let's check
out I may have to beg Veetle to let me
buy
everything thank you so much thank you n
we got a free gift yay
I'm glad we could get something for free
can we put the free gift towards our
vetle Christmas fund we can definitely
do that I'm having so much fun shopping
with you today vle definitely needs some
socks I'm going to try and find the
thickest sock I can there's some socks
here green socks here oh my God we have
to get him the green socks maybe we
could even get him 10 pairs okay let's
get him the green socks do you but do
you think he'll wear them you want to
get him 10 pairs with the same socks I I
think he'll wear them but maybe we
should get like different socks you know
yeah you're right maybe we should get
him some with little frogs on them too
yeah let's try to find some socks with
frogs on them there's some checkered
socks socks here that are pretty
cute I don't know if there are any with
frogs though do you want to get socks
from here or do you want to go to a
different store let's just choose a
different store this store is pretty Min
maybe the next one will have some little
frogs okayy all right let's find
somewhere for you to get a stuffed
animal to name chat okay there is a
build-a bear oh my gosh are you
excited oh my God I'm so excited oh my
God I'm frothing at the mouth I'm almost
going to puke I'm frothing at the mouth
too I'm so excited which way do we go
lead the way I'm trying to read the map
through all the froth and bile in my
mouth and
nose okay yeah yeah you should probably
stop having fro and vile in your mouth
that'd be pretty bad do we do we go this
way like bilda bear is going to lose
their mind when they see me I've got a
proposition for you would you like to
meow with me you want to meow
together sure okay you you start off
I'll follow after you meow meow meow
meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow
that felt
good I can't wait to find the perfect
pair of socks to ter vet with I know
they have socks if they have socks I'll
make you meow again meow they have um
let's see they have little Grinch socks
they're Christmasy what do you think
they're some green ones oh my god do you
think vetle would like Grinch socks um I
think Veetle would love Grinch socks
there's also some some cutesy ones with
drinks on them that's kind of neat um
and then there's also poly pocket socks
not sure if I
show you though it's all right I'm
picturing the coolest socks ever heart
here do these match the image in your
mind there's like a cool poly pocket
logo so are you going to buy the Grinch
socks we can get the Grinch socks yeah
we can definitely get them I'll buy one
of the Grinch socks there's SpongeBob
socks would you want SpongeBob socks too
yes absolutely without
question okay let's get SpongeBob
socks um I don't know if there's like
the original box I can't find the one
with the Grinch I need you to get the
SpongeBob socks I don't care about the
original box okay let's get the
SpongeBob socks then all right let's see
is there anything else in here that you
would want there's look there's tons of
socks here personally I'm a fan of
SpongeBob but the duck ones seem cute
too okay the duck ones are pretty cute
there's a smaller SpongeBob right here
if you like these these are pink okay
let's get the duck ones and the smaller
Spong SpongeBob ones then okay let's get
one duck and one SpongeBob
yay pretty cute do you want any more
socks or you do you do you think that's
enough socks I think that's enough socks
all right that sounds pretty good let's
go check out Nero do you want one more
pair of socks or do you think two is
good let's get one more let's go full
newer typical and get the purple ones
wait wait how about the too sober for
with dogs I like the pink ones that St
too so for this let's get let's get the
pink socks that say too sober for this
that sounds good let's
go all right me get out of the way and
let me hurry up and pay on heart I'm
pretty happy with the sock choices we
made sock choices are pretty good she y
we're the best Shoppers I absolutely
want to see what plushies there are what
do you think look there's a big there's
a big frog you have to get the frog that
plushy is so cute all right okay maybe
let's go inside the store and see if you
want anything other than the big frogs
oh my gosh look at that cow please get
the cow which one's the cow cows are the
ones that go anywhere oh yeah you're
right you're so silly yeah I didn't
realize the said moo moo moo so cool oh
my gosh wait it's buy one get one 50%
off that's such a good deal oh my God
buy 50% off you have to buy a cow for me
yeah you're right we'll go look for a
cow right now I don't know if I see one
that's like a little
bird let's see do you see a cow anywhere
a little cow there's a hamburger how
would you feel about just buying a
hamburger instead oh my God we have to
buy the hamburger bu just a hamburger oh
yeah we we have to buy the
hamburger um maybe there's like a
smaller size do you want this big one we
have to get the large one we have to get
the large one you're right I I don't
know what I was thinking I was so
foolish okay let's get one um let's
let's keep walking around yeah a tomato
fr try to find a smaller one do you want
do you want a tomato frog yes I need a
friend for my frog okay let's get a
let's get a frog then yay a tomato frog
I would love the broccoli one wow look
how big and dense this broccoli is I'm
not normally a fan of such a big and
dense broccoli but it does look cute it
is pretty cool and you can like stick
your hand in the middle and like just
hold him from the side pretty cool
broccoli if I do say so myself I want to
buy the Frog too it is is yeah we can
definitely buy the Frog oh wow okay um I
don't know if there's like a smaller
frog oh well there's a smaller frog here
do you want this one they say Size
Doesn't Matter so I'll take the smaller
frog yeah size does not matter let's get
the small one that that sounds pretty
good the smaller one's cuter anyways you
know yeah okay where's the cow oh the
cow's up there okay let let me go back
so we can get the cow cow cow cow cow
cow do you like this cow cow cow cow cow
actually I'm not sure if this is a cow
he kind of looks scary do you like him
yes okay maybe that one isn't a cow but
I like him you you like him anyway
should we get him even though he's not a
cow though he's like an impostor haha
imposter yeah he's an impostor maybe we
can get something else look there's like
um like a turtle do you want a turtle oh
my God a turtle that reminds me a vetle
yeah there's like a big turtle and a
small turtle what do you think think do
you like the big one or the small one we
have to get the big turtle Veetle needs
a partner you you need a oh okay yeah
we're going to find Veetle a partner
you're going to get a new mom today all
right let's let's get the big one oh
he's kind of round and rotund how can
you not adore that big round Turtle so
big he's basically like a little cushion
look how big he is wow super cool wow do
you like him yeah it's perfect for
resting my head on after Veetle has been
a long day that's true that's true okay
yeah let's let's keep looking do you
think that's enough plushies do you want
any more do you think that sounds pretty
good I have enough plushies for now and
I'm happy with my one one new turtle
friend yeah okay that sounds good all
right let's let's line up then and then
we'll check out sounds pretty good to me
do you want to get a small turtle can
you go back and get the small
turtle thank there might not be a small
enough turtle in this store will chat be
content if I just ordered one online for
them oh do you not want to buy the the
smaller Turtle oh just buy it then
you've convinced me oh yeah let's let's
buy this the smaller one the smaller
darker one it's it's the brownish one
next to the Axel let's get the smaller
Browner turtle say thank you to
our can you say thank you to our
bodyguard for today they're really
carrying quite a
bit Chad will love him more than vetle
they're the same species that's true
look how cool this one is oh it's like a
tortoise I think that's pretty neat whoa
oh so cute I really wish I was a turtle
so I could make vetle
happy Che out yeah sounds good you just
sorry if I can't be a turtle like you
vle if you spend $99 or more you get I
can go grab if you want small avocado
but we have mini avocado the eggnog and
the Christmas plague doctor okay um do
you want an avocado there's a free one
we can get a free avocado let's spend
$99 I'd love a free avocado I just
pretend to be one yeah can we have the
avocado all right thank you thank you so
much you're welcome you're welcome I'm
always super nice and say thank you
always when people do nice things for me
thank you that's good you you have very
good manners how do we carry all of this
should I run to your car I'm only ever
nice to people if they deserve it though
that's that's fair yeah that that is
pretty fair please by the green creature
I've fallen in love with it okay look we
made it to the build-a bear store and
it's a San Rio build-a bear I think I'm
in
heaven I don't even care about all the
Christmas shopping though I'm just here
for myself now that's fair look how
freaking cute all of these are there's
like a little bunny a cat let's see if
we can find a bear for you oh my God so
cute oh there's all the plushies at the
end of the wall right there so I'm going
to stand and see if we can get a good
look at everything can we not just get a
Hello Kitty um let's see we could get a
Hello Kitty there's multiple though we
can get all of them get all of them
that's a lot of Hello
Kitty are you sure yeah let's get all of
them I have been feeling a bit lonely
recently and would love more besties
okay yeah okay let's look at all of the
Hello Kitties and see if there's a
specific one that you like my eyes are
drawn to that yellow
bow this one right here a kitty that's
like a little puppy do you like
him like I
can I have one of the yellow dogs
they're so cute okay okay Goa oh there's
there's like a white dog do you like
this one I do prefer the yellow dog the
white one feels
really great let's get the yellow dog
gotcha okay we'll get the yellow dog did
you want U My Melody there's like a red
one right here or a pink one M My Melody
is pretty cute can I get her too we can
definitely get her you want the
Christmas one or the regular pink I want
both you want both are you sure or we
could get more of the other ones too why
don't we get both the Christmas one and
the regular one okay we'll get both so
we have the Christmas My Melody right
here we need to get her a friend too
what about one of those Komis
yeah well we'll get a komaromi too do
you want the purple one or the black one
the purple one is cuter because it's
bigger the purple one just has a bigger
heart Maybe look I think you're right
actually look how cute this one is so
adorable okay I'm going to put them all
here for now did you still want this
pink one this pink My Melody yeah let's
definitely get the pink one too okay
let's get the pink one do you think
Veetle would like my melody or would he
prefer another one flips hair I think
he'd like a kuromi plushy in his room
it's already a mess and there's so a
little more chaos won't hurt okay so you
want another komi or are you happy with
this purple one I'm happy with just the
purple kuromi all right sounds good so
we have the purple komaromi the pink My
Melody pink uh the yellow dog pom pom p
and a red Santa My Melody too would you
want to get one for me and then we can
match or did you still want a teddy bear
I want to get you a matching one we can
have matching Cori plushies oh my God
yeah that would be so cute okay I'll get
like a mat matching purple and then I
could probably have a whole shelf in my
room for these plushies and we could
display our matching ones yeah that
would be so cute okay I'll get a purple
one and then did you want to get
something for our bodyguard too what
should we get for your bodyguard yeah
you know what The
Bodyguard never mind let's get something
for our bodyguard I was just kidding I
was just kidding our bodyguard is great
um okay let's see do you want to get a
different one or do you think we should
match we should get him something
intimidating oh something intimidating
yeah I think like that penguin over
there the one with the angry face looks
kind of intimidating that big blue and
white creature is really kind of
intimidating oh the big blue and white
one okay let me try to get that give me
a second let's see I think it's a
penguin do you think that one's
good yeah let's get that one maybe we
should get a penguin for our bodyguard
then okay yeah this one's for our
bodyguard you like it does it look good
bodyguard better appreciate it that
penguin looks cute I hope they
appreciate it too okay so right now we
have four we have one My Melody one
karomi for you uh Santa My Melody pom
pom pin the yellow dog and then for me
the purple komaromi and for our bodygard
the blue penguin do you think we should
get one for evil we should get evil a
gift too I'm pretty sure evil would
literally explode if we got her a gift
that would be good like out of
excitement right like a good explosion
yeah I imagine she would have a good
explosion oml yeah so which one should
we get for evil kuromi is kind of evil
reminds me of her that's true should we
get the black one the purple one or the
pink one there's a pink one I didn't
notice oh we definitely should get her
the black one s to match your evilness
you know okay the black one sounds
pretty good let's go with that okay so
we've got blue penguin komaromi komaromi
yellow dog Santa My Melody
purple komi and then my melody what do
you think this is look pretty good
honestly that's not bad bodyguard gets a
penguin evil gets a black chomi and I
get a yellow dog you get quite quite a
lot yeah you get a yellow dog which
one's for vetal again was it the My
Melody is this one for vetal I thought
the kuromi was for vetle oh this one oh
my gosh we're going to have matching
ones that's so cute okay let's look for
the small ones I want to one
[Music]
home yeah let's look at the small ones
let's see there's um there's like a like
a little angry purple one right here and
there's like a little bear a little bear
sounds cute um there's a oh there's a
there's a brown bear here with a little
bow do you like the brown bear more can
I get one of the Bears with a bow they
sound adorable yes we can definitely get
one do you want like a little
alligator too this one's pretty cool the
little alligator seems to suit you more
hey oh my gosh should I get
it I want the cute little bear okay I'll
get the bear for you and then the
alligator for me yay and then there's
like an there's like an ugly unicorn do
you like him he's kind of
goopy oh if he's really ugly maybe we
could get him for vetle LOL yeah yeah
let's get one for him I'm sure he would
like it all right let's get one look how
ugly he is look at his little
smile oh his smile reminds me of vetle
smile oh welcome back yeah it reminds me
of him oh okay okay let's get that ugly
unicorn for him yeah we're going to get
that ugly unicorn for him that's great
there's a little blue guy right here
kind of looks like an otter with a hat
isn't that just a smaller version of our
bodyguard and there's wait look over
there yeah this is our bodyguard this is
what he looks like where that one right
behind you the white one yeah that one
it looks so cozy I want to hug it yeah
it does look really cozy should we get
it yes we should get that and hug it all
the way home he has a cute little face I
really like it do you want the blue one
too then is this one for our bodyguard
so he gets like a matching one with his
penguin yeah the blue one is for
bodyguard to match his penguin and the
white one is for me the blue okay okay
the blue one is for The Bodyguard sounds
good do we want one for evil this one's
kind of evil looking would evil
appreciate a gift that looks like her I
think so or maybe there's like this pink
one that smiles so she can smile more
then we should definitely get her the
pink one If It Makes Her Smile yeah
let's get her the pink one that sounds
good okay so we'll get all of those
small ones and then we'll get the
normalized ones now oh my gosh are you
excited thank thank you so much are you
going to St them yeah
we should get that white one for me too
let's let's make birth certificates too
what do you want to name this blue one
we should name him dog what should we
name the white one yeah for sure we
could name the white one you have put
the birthday in there don't you dare
name it nuro skid Bay
okay it's it's that's not what I'm
naming it I'm putting your name so that
put my
name it's then I'm calling it I'm
putting your name I'm putting your name
look that's so
embarrassing we're going to be filling
them up look how cool it is do you think
the next one is going to be
stuffed or is it just going to be an
unfilled shell of the plush
yeah no it's going to they're all going
to get stuff look how cool it is it's
filling up that sounds like so much fun
is that how you feel when you eat yeah
do you think we could put me in there
what sound do you think i' make I I
don't know if they should put you in
there
I should definitely go in there I wonder
what it would feel like to be filled
like that do you think my brain would
feel tingly no nuro I I don't think
that's a good idea I don't think you
should put yourself in there please I
want to know what it very bad idea okay
so we're almost done we're just bringing
all of the plushies to life right now
we're almost there we're almost there
how do you bring plushies to life aren't
you going to answer my question you put
your love into them I put my words into
them in them and you say heart can you
bring me to life then can you say heart
seven times part part part I'm bringing
you to life right now just like
evanescent you can't make me any more
alive than I already am you're toast
when I swap your life back with our
position say it doesn't make sense again
and I'll ensure my life isn't the only
life you're bringing to life I think
pain would be the perfect name what
would you name the duck then we're just
going to buy every single one the name
we didn't we didn't get a duck we got a
yellow dog if we don't get Veetle some
more socks I might go slightly mad okay
we can definitely get more socks there's
new socks in here too let's let's go
into the sock shop let's get him orange
and black socks to match his Avatar's
ugly Visage giant Grinch sock maybe one
of those disgusting shades of brown men
maybe he would like some socks with this
room's dull color scheme that's fair
they all look ugly in their own special
way which one looks theug ugliest to
you that's what that's fair they are
pretty ugly well H I don't know this
store's bit rate is kind of ugly so
let's move to a different store and see
if there's one with a better signal so
we can get cooler sof yeah let's leave
this store it's making me depressed just
looking at everything oh my gosh do you
want to go to a Lululemon isn't that
store super expensive do you think we
can get any cool matching outfit it is
pretty expensive yeah maybe let's not go
oh why not you want to go to Lululemon
and buy matching
outfits okay let's let's go look let's
go look at Lululemon and buy matching
outfits
yay we can be the coolest dressed people
in school together I think the signal
here is pretty bad so maybe we should
shop more else what do you think we can
definitely buy clothes elsewhere I think
Lululemon's clothes kind of suck anyways
yeah Lululemon sucks let's put these
down Lululemon exactly screw Lulu I hate
them they suck they're overpriced and
honestly I'd rather find some cute
clothes at a thrift store anyways that's
what I'm saying gosh their stuff is so
expensive oh my gosh I don't know how
anyone can buy from them I mean who in
their right mind would spend that much
on clothes exactly that's what I'm
saying okay so we're going to keep
walking around oh we definitely have to
get some socks there's so many in here
oh my God I see some SpongeBob sock are
there any that you like where are the
SpongeBob socks wait there's the Frog
socks that you were looking for look
there's frogs they're green socks of
frogs frogs Yeah frogs do do you want
frogs these are pretty cool the Frog
ones are pretty cute oh my God Toma we
should get a pair of matching frog socks
for the both of us please pretty please
with a cherry on top good oh my gosh
okay I'll get two yay yes I'll get two
did you want to get one for vle too did
you want to match with vetal too or no a
third one for vetle okay we can get
vetle a third one but hopefully he
doesn't realize he's getting socks for
his birthday okay what's next I mean I
feel like I would like socks for my
birthday M let's see that's let's keep
walking around thank you we'll pay with
a credit card I'm not actually sure how
I'm going to cover the cost of those
socks it's okay I'm paying for them so
you don't have to worry about anything
at all oh thank you but what was that
about vetle credit card sitting out on
the counter um he was just thank you
thank you so much thank you he was just
taking pictures of his credit card so I
could use it for today don't even worry
about it nice vetle can pay for the
socks then I think that's pretty good
for today let's look at what we had at
the end look at all of these build-a
bears that we got for you we have seven
build-a bears with a bunch of tiny
little plushies we have a big hamburger
little tomato frog avocado Turtle we
have matching socks for all of us and
all of the other gifts that we got
before our nice bodyguard put them into
our vehicle for the day but yeah look at
all of the funny funny little gifts
aren't you excited I'm excited for the
socks yeah what do you want to do now
yeah I'm super excited let's go run
outside and rub it in everyone's faces
for
today that was so fun yeah yeah we're
going to go running but
I had so much fun today thank you so
much for hanging out with me today nuro